src/js/stories/docs.intro.stories.mdx, before:

import imgIntro from './images/intro.jpg'

<Meta title='1.Docs|01-Intro'/>

# CSS Architecture
Our CSS Approach is writtend based on some principles. It is flexibale and scalable framework for your daily work. It is really easy to build new components, change the brand style or extend it. 

<img src={imgIntro} />
<br/>

## Table of Contents
1. [Design Tokens](#design-tokens)
2. [React Component Structure](#react-structure)
3. [Atomic Design](#atomic-design)
4. [Folderstructure](#folderstructure)
5. [Component Structure](#component-structure)
6. [Importing Files](#importing-files)
7. [Handling Variables](#handling-variables)
8. [Naming Convention](#naming-convention)
9. [General Styleguide](#general-styleguide)
10. [Systems](#systems)

## Mobile First

## CSS-Principles
* BEM (http://getbem.com/introduction/)
* SMACSS (https://smacss.com/)
* ITCSS (https://www.xfive.co/blog/itcss-scalable-maintainable-css-architecture/)
* OOCSS (http://oocss.org/)
* Atomic Design (http://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-2/)

Commit message:

add scss comments for structuring code

src/js/stories/docs.intro.stories.mdx, after:

import imgIntro from './images/intro.jpg'

<Meta title='1.Docs|01-Intro'/>

# CSS Architecture
Our CSS Approach is writtend based on some principles. It is flexibale and scalable framework for your daily work. It is really easy to build new components, change the brand style or extend it. 

<img src={imgIntro} />
<br/>

## How to start

### 1. Change the basic colors
`01-settings/_settings.color.scss`

### 2. Change the basic font styles like size, weight and family
`01-settings/_settings.font.scss`

### 3. Change the size of the container
`01-settings/_settings.layout.scss`

### 4. Change the spacings
`01-settings/_settings.spacing.scss`

## Responsiveness
The boost theme is mobile-first framework. So we start on smaller screens and add styles for larger screens.

## Box-sizing
We switch the global `box-sizing` value from `content-box` to `border-box`. Rarely you need to override it, use something like the following:

```scss
.selector {
  box-sizing: content-box;
}
```

## Browsers and Devices
We support the latest, stable releases of all **major browsers and platforms.**

## CSS-Principles
We are using some kind of standards for writing scalable and maintainable styles.

* BEM (http://getbem.com/introduction/)
* SMACSS (https://smacss.com/)
* ITCSS (https://www.xfive.co/blog/itcss-scalable-maintainable-css-architecture/)
* OOCSS (http://oocss.org/)
* Atomic Design (http://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-2/)
